---
tags:
 - meeting-notes
---

# 2024-10 CZI EOSS 6 Bokeh grant meeting

## üë• Attendees

* Full name / Github handle / Organization
* Pavithra Eswaramoorthy / @pavithraes / Quansight Labs
* Gabriel
* Philipp
* Mateusz

**Moderator**: Pavithra

**Note taker**: Pavithra

## üìù Agenda
<!-- Add any progress made during the last month and 
 other items needed discussion with the rest of the team -->

- General progress check-ins

- Discuss next steps for accessibilty audit overview and feedback gathering
    - Move to next meeting

- Discuss roadmap for Mateusz and Gabriel
    - Some thoughts from Gabriel
        - In my last one-on-one with Tania, we clarified my goal up until the of this year as to get to a place where I am comfortable making and reviewing small to medium size code changes to Bokeh
        - I also had a call with Mateusz to discuss [theming](https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/czi-bokeh-mgmt/issues/2) and [translations](https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/czi-bokeh-mgmt/issues/10).
            - Most of the path forward with translations seems fairly clear. Except:
                - How to receive and integrate translations from the community. Could be a good place to ask other groups about their experience with what works and what doesn't.
            - Theming, more complicated, but some of this work is already sponsored by Anaconda and has already been merged [#13828 (May 3, 2024)](https://github.com/bokeh/bokeh/pull/13828)
                - I will be supporting Mateusz to create a plan

- Updates from Mateusz: https://github.com/bokeh/bokeh/pulls?q=is:pr+label:%22grant:+CZI+R6%22+ + statusbar for plots
 
## üöÄ Action items

NA
